---
title: Test Post the First
tags: post
date: 2023-09-27
layout: post.njk
permalink: '1'
---
Work on one thing at a time. Don't get carried away - we have plenty of time. Just relax and let it flow. That easy. It's a very cold picture, I may have to go get my coat. It’s about to freeze me to death. All you need is a dream in your heart, and an almighty knife. So often we avoid running water, and running water is a lot of fun.

Think about a cloud. Just float around and be there. These little son of a guns hide in your brush and you just have to push them out. Let's put some happy little bushes on the other side now. Pretend you're water. Just floating without any effort. Having a good day. Just make a decision and let it go.

Automatically, all of these beautiful, beautiful things will happen. We might as well make some Almighty mountains today as well, what the heck. Brown is such a nice color.

That easy. In your world you have total and absolute power. If we're going to have animals around we all have to be concerned about them and take care of them.

You can create beautiful things - but you have to see them in your mind first. And I will hypnotize that just a little bit. Just make little strokes like that. How do you make a round circle with a square knife? That's your challenge for the day. A tree cannot be straight if it has a crooked trunk.

Tree trunks grow however makes them happy. Remember how free clouds are. They just lay around in the sky all day long. These trees are so much fun. I get started on them and I have a hard time stopping. You've got to learn to fight the temptation to resist these things. Just let them happen. Trees live in your fan brush, but you have to scare them out.

Let's do that again. Let's build some happy little clouds up here. It just happens - whether or not you worried about it or tried to plan it.
