---
title: On fixing your emails after changing email provider
description: Trials and tribulations of expecting your emails to Just Work
tags:
    - post
    - blog
    - email
    - hosting
    - service-comparison
date: 2024-02-05
layout: post.njk
permalink: '/posts/{{ date | shortDate | slugify }}/{{ title | slugify }}'
---
First and foremost, if you've tried to email me recently, I'm sorry that they've been bouncing! If you want to get in touch with me, that contact should now be open!

### Wait, what happened?

Back in September I moved my site from Github Pages to Digital Ocean, with plans to do something Big And Grand with it. Whilst those plans are still in progress, it was early in December when I'd gone to check some domain configuration and noticed that my email configuration had changed. Due to moving my DNS records to DO, my domain provider could no longer redirect my emails for me.

Whilst I wasn't flooded by emails on the daily (thank goodness!), this did mean I've missed two months of emails - not great! This definitely needed to be prioritised... playing with code is fun but things should work first!

There are, of course, plenty of options out there for someone who needs their emails forwarded from a domain to an inbox. Below I've listed the ones I took a look into with a brief description of each.

**Note:** All quoted prices are for using custom domains, as this is part of what I was looking for. All options but DigitalOcean offer a free inbox if you're after

### DigitalOcean

<a href="https://www.digitalocean.com/pricing/droplets" rel="noopener noreferer">digitalocean.com</a>

Cost: **$4+ per month**

A quick search suggested that I could, in fact, route my emails via DigitalOcean. Handy! Looking into it, however, made it rapidly clear that it wasn't for me - it involves servers and setup and configuration on a droplet. This would be great for finer-grained control, but a t this juncture, I don't trust myself enough to not break things further. I may investigate it one day, once I have the guts to give it a shot.

### Tuta

<a href="https://tuta.com/pricing" rel="noopener noreferer">Tuta</a>

Cost: **€3+ per month**

Tuta promotes privacy and encryption as it's core selling points, which is what initially drew me to try it. It was quick and easy to set up, though to get domains for my inboxes meant I had to pay. I have some appreciation for that, rather than dropping you into the premium plan as a trial to tempt you to buy! That's a conversation for a different time, though. However, Tuta uses it's own mailboxes, instead of redirecting to my existing inbox. I may or may not move to Tuta in the future, but for the time being I just needed something to redirect to my existing mailboxes. See you in the future, Tuta!

### SimpleLogin

<a href="https://simplelogin.io/pricing/" rel="noopener noreferer">simplelogin.io</a>

Cost: **$4 per month / $30 per year**

* SimpleLogin - Mostly fine, though had issues with setting up the domain records

### Forward Email

<a href="https://forwardemail.net/en/private-business-email?pricing=true" rel="noopener noreferer">forwardemail.net</a>

Cost: **$3 per month**

* Forwardemail - Fine, seemed to take time with domain records but got it working in the end

---

With that, I can finally receive emails again! Hurrah!
