---
title: 2024, brought to you by the letter B
description: My 2024 year-end roundup, the good and the bad. 
tags:
  - post
  - personal
  - year-end
  - 2024
  - mental 
date: 2024-12-31
layout: post.njk
permalink: "/posts/{{ date | shortDate | slugify }}/{{ title | slugify }}"
---

Whoops, it's been a hot minute since I've updated here, huh. I can't believe it's the end of another year! 
It's mad that it's been 9 months since my last post here... have I been intending to write posts? Sure. Have I actually written anything down? Of course not! Whoops. But that's okay; there's no point in pressuring, this is all for fun and knowledge sharing! 

So what has this year been like? What's taken me away from writing fun lil' posts about web development? Only a couple of things:

### Burnout

Let's get the negative(s) out of the way first: 2024 was brought to us by the letter B, for Burnout. I know I'm not the only one; it seems to be a common theme for so many people I know. I'd probably say my 80% now is equivalent to my 30% in January; it's been agonising to work around. All I can do is be patient and work within my means, but it's rough. 

Is this something I should be admitting on a public-facing blog? Maybe not. Oh well! I might go into more detail at a later date; mental health is important, after all.

### House

Possibly a huge contributor to my burnout - with my darling partner, we now own a home! (insert jokes about 'in this economy'here...). Movng is a very tiring time, but it's all done now. I will say, it's nice having my office in a dedicated space! I'm very much looking forward to improving my space now I have the chance. I'm thankful that we've managed to carve out this space. 

### So what's next?

For me, 2025 is going to be a year of recovery and learning. For recovery, the main thing I can do is to just... be kind to myself, initially. Maybe therapy down the line, but for now, just be kind and patient and not expect myself to be 'my 100%' for a while. 
For learning, though - if there's one thing I've discovered in the past year, it's that I have huge gaps in my knowledge. I'll likely document my findings here! 

Thanks to everyone who's read my wee handful of posts over the last couple of years - here's to a solid 2025 and beyond! 